---
date: "2022-04-27"
version: 2
---
## Event
### La Tomatina!
- A Giant Tomato is about to wreck havoc upon Henesys, Orbis & Ludibrium.
Speak with Charles to get started!
Be sure to participate in this event to get some limited items!
Event ends May 27th.

## New location
- Korean Folk Town has been added to the game!

## Quality of life
- Orbis now has a FM portal.
- Jr. Balrog respawn time is now 30 minutes.
- Lots of item descriptions & typos have been corrected.
- Ludibrium buff pills now stack up to 150.
- Golden eggs now stack up to 100.
- Ludibrium dungeon now sucks less. (you can now climb the big ladders all the way up and new platforms have been added.)
- Beware the Forest's mushrooms now has more ropes.

## Miscellanious
- FM is now more gamery
- Server is now Kradia.
- fAKE's bangers playlist now available at the computer.
- Scrollo: Exists

## Shield update
- Most warrior shields have been buffed.
(To upgrade your existing shield, please give it to a game master.)
More shields to be updated in the future.

## Scroll update
- The following scrolls have been added to the game:
Helmet for STR, DEX, INT, LUK.
Overall armor for STR.
Topwear for STR, DEX, INT, LUK.
Bottomwear for STR, DEX, INT, LUK.
Earring for STR, DEX, LUK.
Shield for STR, DEX, INT, LUK.

- All defense scrolls have been changed to the following:
100% scrolls now gives 10 def.
60% scrolls now gives 30 def, 20 mdef
10% scrolls now gives 60 def, 40 mdef, 100hp

HP scrolls now give 20/75/150 HP.

## Revised spawns
- The following maps now have revised spawns:
Beware the Forest's Mushrooms - now only spawns Green Mushrooms.
Zaban Forest
Curse Eye Graveyard
Ancient Basin
Sticky Forest
Sleepy Dungeon V - Now spawns Mix Gollems.

## Bug fixes
- Throwing stars are now rechargable.
- Fixed a bug where Aqua Road's FM portal would take you to the wrong map.