---
date: "2022-09-02"
version: 3
---
## Event
### Oktoberfest!
- Event period: September 2nd - October 5th
Oh no! Oktoberfest is a mess! Monsters have snuck into the beer tent and gotten hammered!
Speak with Charles to get started!
Make sure to participate in this event to get exclusive items only available within the event period.

### Halloween Event!
- Event Period: October 5th to November 5th
- Haunted mansion
Did you hear the rumor that the prentergeist mansion is up and running again?
Speak with Charles to go investigate the mansion.
Take part in this once in a year questline for some great rewards and EXP.

- Stocking up on halloween candy
Monsters across the entire world are dropping candy this halloween!
Collect 100 of them and hand them over to cody for a tasty surprise.
the candies are tradable, so feel free to help each other out!

## Quality of life improvements
All arrows can now be stacked up to 3000 instead of 1000.

## Shield update
- Mystic Shield - No changes, but now Purchasable in Ellinia Weapon Store.

- Ether Shield - Req level increased to lvl 44. INT increased to +2. Increased Def. & Mdef.
Any preexisting Ether Shields will be updated with the new stats automatically.

- Stone Shield (NEW) - Req class: Common. Req level 45. +200 HP. +50 Max MP. +38 Def. +15 Mdef.
Drops from: Dark Drake

- Shield of Will (NEW) - Req class: Magician. Req level 70. Int +3. Luk +1. M.att +1 +56 Mdef. +28 Def. 
Drops from: Jr. Balrog, Phantom Watch

- Shadow Shield (NEW) - Req class Thief. Req level 50. Req DEX: 90. Luk +3. +35 DEF. +8 Mdef.
Drops from: Dark Stone Golem, Malady, Pepe

- Moonlight Shield (NEW) - Req class Thief. Req level 50. Req STR: 40. Atk +3. Luk +1 +2 DEF.
Drops from: Croco, Stone Golem, Samiho

- Cross Shield (NEW) - Req class: Thief. Req level 70. Req DEX: 110. Luk +3. Dex +1. Att +1. +56 DEF. +20 Mdef.
Drops from: Jr. Balrog, Dual Ghost Pirate

- Khanjar (NEW) - Req class: Thief. Req level 70. Req STR: 55 ATK +7. Luk +1. Def +3.
Drops from: Jr. Balrog, Ghost Pirate

## Sleepywood expansion
- NEW MAPS:
Thousand Year Old Passage II
The Valley of Drakes
Croco Basin
End of the Basin
Spirit Forest
Forest Spirit
Hunting Ground in the Deep Forest III
Hidden Street: Where the Beast Slumbers...

- Maps that have been recreated from scratch:
Into the Thick of it
Clear View Forest
Between the Forest and Dungeon - Now renamed: Ellinia Dungeon Entrance

- Overhauled Maps:
Towering Basin
Ancient Basin - Now renamed: Ligator basin

- Revised spawns:
Zaban Forest - Now spawns more Dark Stumps.

- Removed Maps:
Lupin Forest (replaced with Hunting Ground in the Deep Forest III)

- The maps from the Sleepywood expansion now show up on the world map!
- New mob 'Frog' has been added.
- Hidden Boss has been added.

## Quest changes
- The Stump Horror Story: Reward: EXP only -> +15 red potions
- The Reason Behind the Mushroom Studies: Reward: 25 red Potions -> Select your reward: 25 red potions OR 8 blue potions
- I Need Help on My Homework!: Reward:25 blue potions -> Select your reward: 25 blue potions OR 100 red potions
- Delivering the weird medicine: Reward:Brown bamboo hat -> Select your reward: Brown/Blue/Green Bamboo hat

## Miscellanious
- MapleIsland is now a bop.
- Login screen got a slight overhaul.
- Optimized Henesys & Lith Harbor backgrounds to properly fit widescreen (720p) resolution.
- Updated item descriptions to be more legible & fixed several typos.
- Increased bitrate in some soundtracks.
- Every single scroll now shows its percentage in its name.
- Playlist '2000's JAMS' is now available at the computer.

## Bug fixes
NPCs Haenim & Mr. Shim which were missing from Korean Folk Town has been restored.
The missing Hidden Street portal in Korean Folk Town has been restored.
Fixed the ladders in 'Unbalanced Time'
